
Thank you for downloading Memories of Lemuria. This is a rogue-like game centred on advanced firearms combat, ballistics
simulation and gun crafting. Because of the complex nature of the gameplay, it is HIGHLY recommended that you read
the tutorial section manual in its entirety before commencing and refer back to this document often. As this game is in
active development, you may encounter bugs throughout the course of gameplay. Please submit bug reports and suggestions
to EMAIL@EMAIL.COM.

-------
SETTING
-------

Since the creation of the stars and the seeding of life in our galaxy, the forces of cosmic good and evil have waged
genocidal war. The collective helmed by the Draconians of the Alpha Draconis star system, reptilian beings with many
races subjugated below them, have sought to dominate the stars. Against them stands the Pleiadean forces; a race of
tall humanoids in many ways indistinguishable from ourselves, and their allies.

For thousands of years, earth has been host to many extraterrestrial civilisations, from the Annunaki to the Atlanteans
and Lemurians. It has seen countless global and intergalactic conflicts, now forgotten and passed into mythology.
In our time, these battles which have been fought for millions of years are still waged on Earth. Away from the prying
eyes and orbital threats of the surface world, alien lifeforms, strange creatures, secret organizations and remnants of
forgotten empires have retreated to the safety of Earth's vast caverns and tunnel systems.

In the near future, war, economic collapse and civil strife have beset the nation and the world. Governments desperate
to restore order have instituted strict martial law. Many civilians, rebels and criminals have retreated into sewer
systems, tunnels and caves to escape persecution or prosecution. This is where you find yourself, having ventured into
the depths, perhaps for adventure, perhaps out of necessity. By your wits and by the gun, you must survive the
perilous subterranean world, and on the way uncover its many ancient mysteries.


------------------
MOVEMENT AND MENUS
------------------

- WINDOW -

F11 - Toggle full screen

 - MENUS -

I: Inventory
E: Equipped Items (i.e. Armour, Weapons etc)
V: Message History
R: Magazine Loadout
Q: Interact with Held Weapon
C: Crafting
S: Change Attack Style
P: Bestiary
Space: Attack Mode
Escape: Save and Exit

 - MENU NAVIGATION -

Use the up and down arrow keys to navigate through menu pages and press the character corresponding with the desired
menu item to select.

 - WAIT KEYS -

Period ('.'), Numpad 5, or Clear - skips players current turn


 - MOVEMENT KEYS -

Use the arrow keys, numpad or vi keys to move

  NW  N  NE
    \ | /
 W -- @ -- E
    / | \
  SW  S  SE

N - Up Arrow, Numpad 8 or K
S - Down Arrow, Numpad 2 or J
E - Right Arrow, Numpad 6 or L
W - Left Arrow, Numpad 4 or H
NE - Numpad 9 or U
SE - Numpad 3 or N
SW - Numpad 1 or B
NW - Numpad 7 or Y

--------
CRAFTING
--------


------
COMBAT
------

 - ATTACK MODE -

On the bottom left of the screen, you can see how much AP (action points) the player has. Action points represent the
remaining amount of time the player has to complete actions within that turn. Since one turn equates to one second,
1 AP = 1/100th of a second. Different actions take different amounts of time, and therefore AP, to complete. If an
action costs more AP than is available, player turns will be skipped until the action can be completed.

Escape: exit attack mode
Space: change target
Tab: change limb targeted
Enter: attack
Movement Keys: change camera position
Wait Keys: skip turn

 - GUNS -

